in-app messaging docs Gen 2 (#7169)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/add-aws-services/in-app-messaging/clear-messages/index.mdx

import { getCustomStaticPath } from '@/utils/getCustomStaticPath';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Clear messages',
  description: "Learn more about how to clear synced in-app messages from the user's device.",
  platforms: [
    'javascript',
    'react-native',
    'angular',
    'nextjs',
    'react',
    'vue'
  ],
};

export const getStaticPaths = async () => {
  return getCustomStaticPath(meta.platforms);
};

export function getStaticProps(context) {
  return {
    props: {
      platform: context.params.platform,
      meta
    }
  };
}

> Once messages have been synced to your user’s device, `clearMessages()` can be used to clear the synced messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once messages have been synced to your user's device, `clearMessages()` can be used to clear the synced messages.
```

```js
import { clearMessages } from 'aws-amplify/in-app-messaging';

await clearMessages();
```

> <Callout informational>
>   NOTE: If your app has authentication implemented, we recommend calling
>   clearMessages() in between user log-ins to remove messages targeted for
>   specific user segments. This is especially important if you anticipate your
>   application will be used in shared device scenarios.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout informational>

**Note:** If your app has authentication implemented, we recommend calling `clearMessages()` in between user log-ins to remove messages targeted for specific user segments. This is especially important if you anticipate your application will be used in shared device scenarios.
  
</Callout>
```
